Multi Cluster Doc Update + Gateway CUS Tickets (#941)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: guide/use-cases/third-party-data.mdx

        name: external-partner-zone
    spec:
        cluster: partner1

>         underlyingCluster: partner1

Reviewer: why take this out? I think it confuses the later section which then refers to a field for which there is no reference point in the example.

          email: johndoe@company.io
          phone: 07827 837 177
    ```

>     * If your Gateway is [setup with multi-clusters](/guide/conduktor-in-production/deploy-artifacts/deploy-gateway/index#configure-gateway-for-multi-clusters), you must additionally provide an `underlyingCluster` field. `cluster` will be the technical cluster Id of the Gateway as before, and `underlyingCluster` will be the cluster Id of the underlying cluster configured under the Gateway. The `underlyingCluster` field is used as the Console cluster Id.

Author: comparing it to a previous version of gateway. which now feels unnecessary so the use of 'before' has now been removed

          email: johndoe@company.io
          phone: 07827 837 177
    ```

> For [multi-cluster configured](/guide/conduktor-in-production/deploy-artifacts/deploy-gateway/index#configure-gateway-for-multi-clusters) Gateways, targeting an upstream Kafka cluster requires supplying its technical cluster ID. The `cluster` field corresponds to the technical ID of the Gateway you plan to target. `underlyingCluster` corresponds to the technical ID of the chosen Kafka cluster to target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `underlyingCluster` to target an upstream physical cluster in a [multi-cluster configured](/guide/conduktor-in-production/deploy-artifacts/deploy-gateway/index#configure-gateway-for-multi-clusters) Gateway. The cluster also needs to be configured in the Console and you will need to use the technical id from that configuration to populate this field.
```
